Create ui-c8y-1021-16-0-added-operations-created-and-operation-updated-columns-for-usage-statistics-7688.md (#2701)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-16-0-added-operations-created-and-operation-updated-columns-for-usage-statistics-7688.md

---
date: ""

> title: added operationsCreated and operationUpdated columns for usageStatistics (#7688) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7716)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Add operationsCreated and operationsUpdated columns to usageStatistics
```

Reviewer: rewritten suggestion
```suggestion
title: Added operationsCreated and operationsUpdated columns to usageStatistics view
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61355
version: 1021.16.0
---

> added operationsCreated and operationUpdated columns for usageStatistics (#7688) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7716)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To provide more detailed insights into platform usage, the usageStatistics database table has been extended with two new columns: operationsCreated and operationsUpdated. These columns track the number of operations that have been created and updated, respectively. This change enhances the granularity of the usage statistics, enabling better analysis and understanding of platform activity. Existing usage statistics data and functionality remain unaffected by this addition.
```

Reviewer: rewritten suggestion (possible to add links to Rest API release notes regarding backend)
```suggestion
To provide more detailed insights into platform usage, the Usage Statistics UI view for {{< enterprise-tenant >}}s has been extended with two new columns: `operationsCreated` and `operationsUpdated`. These columns present the number of operations that have been created and updated, respectively.

This change enhances the granularity of the usage statistics request counters, enabling better analysis and understanding of platform activity. Existing usage statistics data and functionality remain unaffected by this addition. 

New UI feature is compatible with backend version **10.20.611.0**, which introduced new fields in REST API. This feature works predictably with backend version **10.20.664.0** and later, where all operations creations and updates by users and devices are tracked by {{< product-c8y-iot >}} request counters.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Added operationsCreated and operationsUpdated columns to usageStatistics view

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Added two new columns to the Usage Statistics page
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61355
version: 1021.16.0
---

> To provide more detailed insights into platform usage, the Usage Statistics UI view for {{< enterprise-tenant >}}s has been extended with two new columns: `operationsCreated` and `operationsUpdated`. These columns present the number of operations that have been created and updated, respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To provide more detailed insights into platform usage, the **Usage statistics** page for {{< enterprise-tenant >}}s has been extended with two new columns: "Operations Created" and "Operations Updated". These columns present the number of operations that have been created and updated, respectively.
```
